Add links to w3 "An alt Decision Tree tutorial" in docs (#36357)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/htmlinputelement/alt/index.md

- {{HTMLElement("input")}}
- {{HTMLElement("img")}}

> - [Writing good alt text](https://www.wcag.com/blog/good-alt-text-bad-alt-text-making-your-content-perceivable/)
> - [An alt Decision Tree](https://www.w3.org/WAI/tutorials/images/decision-tree/)

Reviewer: We can add a bit more info to make these consistent with our "See also" guidelines:
```suggestion
- [Good alt text, bad alt text — Making your content perceivable](https://www.wcag.com/blog/good-alt-text-bad-alt-text-making-your-content-perceivable/) on WCAG.com (2021)
- [An alt Decision Tree](https://www.w3.org/WAI/tutorials/images/decision-tree/) on W3C Web Accessibility Initiative (WAI)
```
